update for kommanders cloud-provider Azure steps (#2855)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/latest/operations/cloud-providers/configure-azure-cloud-provider/index.md

#### Create a new set of credentials using CLI commands

> To provision an Azure cluster, we need Azure credentials. Those can be obtained by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provision an Azure cluster, you need Azure credentials. Those can be obtained by:
```

- Having the Azure CLI installed and set up
- Having Contributor and User Access Administrator rights on Azure

The following commands create an active directory service principal, to delegate to Kommander, for creating Konvoy clusters:

```
az login
```

Determine the `SUBSCRIPTION_ID` of your account, named `id` in the output of the following command:

```
az account show
{
  "environmentName": "AzureCloud",
  "id": "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX",
  "isDefault": true,
  "name": "ACME Enterprises Subscription",
  "state": "Enabled",
  "tenantId": "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX",
  "user": {
    "name": "user@azureacme.onmicrosoft.com",
    "type": "user"
  }
}
```

> Create the service principal for the provider and do not miss to replace `SUBSCRIPTION_ID` with the `id` from previous command output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the service principal for the provide. Ensure you replace `SUBSCRIPTION_ID` with the `id` from the previous command output:
```

}
```

> That service principal additionally needs to get the role `User Access Administrator` assigned. Replace `APP_ID` with the `appId` value from output of previous command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service principal additionally needs to get the role `User Access Administrator` assigned. Replace `APP_ID` with the `appId` value from the output of the previous command:
```
